# Project 3 | Imagepass | imagepass.py

## General Information
* Author: Charles Badami
* Date: 6/21/19
* Program Name: Imagepass
* Description/Purpose: This program is the first iteration of simple algorithm that uses an image to generate a pseudo-random, 16-character password, using base64 encoding. In order to retrieve a forgotten password, the tool uses a simple offset number and the original image. Therefore, it is not necessary to locally archive the password itself.
* Tested On: Windows 10

## Installation and Usage
First, download the script (imagepass.py) into the directory of your choice on your Windows 10 machine.

In order to make use of the program, you will need access to at least one png image file. This file should be in the same directory as imagepass.py and should have the .png extension.

The png file used to test this program is in this repository and is located [here](https://github.com/cbadami/CSC-842/blob/master/Project%203/monster.png).

Once the prerequisites above are satisfied, all you have to do is run the script without arguments:
```
python imagepass.py
```
Using the menu options, the user may generate new passwords, and/or retrieve passwords previously generated by this tool. It is recommended to use a password manager to store the generated password, but save the offset and associated image used by the tool as a hint in case password retrieval by the tool is necessary. 

## Requirements and Design
### Summary of Requirements
* Main Purpose: This tool allows a 16-character, pseudo-random password to be generated and retrieved, using a png image and without having to archive the password.
* Features:
    * The password generated is a robust 16 characters long, possibly including letters, numbers, and a few special characters.
	* There is no need to archive the password locally, as it can be regenerated using the original image and an offset (password manager recommended for storage, this tool as backup recovery).
	* Currently supports png files only, but could be easily modified to include other formats.
	
### Design Specifications
* Language: Python 3.6
* Operating System: Windows 10
* Special Modules Needed: None
* Scripts: imagepass.py
* Other Files Needed: At least one png image file (see Installation and Usage)
* User Interface: Command line
* Outputs: Text to console (generated password and offset).

## Video Demonstration

[Video demo link]()
